---- nyvonethunter_project_speech_draft ----

    "Hacking is one of the most prominent skill sets of the 21th century.",
    while the corresponding sentence may be derived radical, but I corely 
    believe it is one of the most righteous ones.

    While it is outstanding, and short to register 
    but becoming a cybersecurity expert is not an easy operation to couple with
    in your ordinary life.

    The philosophy behind this cherish was marginally recognized by experts after
    two decades, but never actually handled with a proper solution.

    After a low-lying firm of experience that the writer have gained throughout
    his short journey contacing experts in the field of Cybersecurity, a conclusion was gained:

    "Everybody must learn to protect themselves, especially in the epoch of technology
    Where arms and weapons are no longer firearms, but rather keyboards and mouses
    in tackle with a brain, with the adaptability of thinking and digging solutions, all
    you then going to require, is time." 

    Time as an invaluable element, is not compatible to waste, especially if you're goals
    are not even close to the world of technology. Although you can't walk through a battlefield
    without an arm.

    In order for an arm to be coupled in the path of every human,
    it shall be easy to learn, to fight back with.

    NyvoStudio recognized this charm by only spending a small chunk of time
    in the world of the warriors, IT professionals.

    As human beings, and software engineering enthusiastics, we have decided to offer the smallish
    arm that we could built with the little-to-no experience that we have in this field, NyvoNetHunter.

    A public-IP spoofing tool made to be simple to work with, with the dream of becoming a full
    security suite, gathering multifarious spoofing operations under only one security tool application,
    with the injection of the most remarkable feature, ease of learning for ordinary millenials.


---- END ----
